docs: improve readme (#5)
drigos/genshin-garbage-collector: README.md

### Output formats

- G2C (Genshin Garbage Collector): used to compute build and scores
- GOOD (Genshin Open Object Description): de facto standard in Genshin community
- Count: amount artifacts returned

### Lock attribute

This attribute indicates the artifacts that must be kept

### List modes

- `keep`: display only artifacts that must be kept (locked)
- `discard`: display only artifacts that must be discarded (unlocked)
- `all`: display all artifacts (locked and unlocked)

### Filters

Filters are an additional layer for excluding artifacts, allowing you to evaluate artifacts by their best score.

Filters contain two main components: 1) the **selectors**; and 2) the **actions**.

Selectors are a comma-separated list of key and value. Below is a list of supported keys and values:

- `set_key`: [GOOD-like values](https://frzyc.github.io/genshin-optimizer/#/doc/)
- `slot_key`: [GOOD-like values](https://frzyc.github.io/genshin-optimizer/#/doc/)
- `main_stat_key`: [GOOD-like values](https://frzyc.github.io/genshin-optimizer/#/doc/)
- `rarity`: `1-5`
- `level`: `0-20`

> - `rank`: `0-5` (rank is `floor(level/4)`)

Reviewer: Deixar claro o uso do atributo `rank`
```suggestion
- `rank`: `0-5` (rank is `floor(level/4)`, i.e. the number of additional rolls an artifact got by leveling)
```

_*Only artifacts matched by the selector will be filtered._  
_*Any artifact that don't match the selector will be preserved._

> It is possible to use a wildcard character to filter all artifacts, i.e. `*:*`.

Reviewer: Essa frase parece estar dizendo que todos os artefatos serão filtrados.
```suggestion
It is possible to use a wildcard character to select all artifacts for filtering, i.e. `*:*`.
```
